one thing you can always count on this
time of year is a good deal of
right-wing commotion over the so called
war on Christmas in some people's minds
this is a thing so we wanted to see if
we could put this silliness to rest once
and for all by going directly to the man
himself and live now from his workshop
please say hello to Santa Claus hello
Santa happy holidays to you Santa
happy holidays my ass listen it's
Christmas you godless Hollywood
snowflake oh so you actually are
bothered by this silly war on Christmas
thing listen there's nothing silly about
the war on Christmas hundreds of elves
gave their tiny little lies to keep the
liberals from killing Christmas for good
I had no idea this was happening Oh what
is that is that a is that a Magadh
you're wearing it's a Mick Guy hat make
Christmas great again okay
and that's exactly what President Trump
is doing hold on a minute you're a trump
supporter Santa you're right you loony
left-wing pussyfoot in fact I'm actually
in my new workshop at what I call the
winter North Pole mar-a-lago oh I guess
that's that's more pleasant at your age
but how do you ride your sleigh in
Florida to deliver all the toys oh I
don't do that anymore
seems that Eric and Don jr. shot most of
my reindeer oh no they made golf-club
covers out of that oh boy
anyway I don't need reindeer they're
crawling with lice okay
they don't think about that in that
Rudolph saw oh they don't and I'll tell
you something else I'm sick of
delivering toys the only thing kids
should be getting for Christmas is coal
coal a stocking full of clean-burning
coal we eat whole even for the good boys
and girls especially for the good boys
and girls listen coal is the future
Jimmy but make no mistake kids aren't
getting coal this year they're not
getting anything well why not why aren't
kids getting anything because Santa
doesn't believe in welfare if these kids
want toys they can get the hell out of
their play pens and go get a job come on
listen and said listen Santa doesn't
believe in welfare senator doesn't
believe in global warming and Santa
doesn't believe that gay people have
bellybutton wait I'm sorry what was what
was that last thing gays have no
bellybutton
you don't believe it look at all I have
to say no offense but I think I like the
old shadow lot better huh well let's say
it is dead now no and the new Santa all
right Santa
the new Santa is about to go have a
little roll around the Yuletide log with
a Hooters waitress
are you worried mrs. Claus will find out
about that mrs. Claus not at all my
lawyer Michael Cohen has it all hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come on